-----

It's hard to come up with ideas when writing. Creative writing can be really hard. How do
you come up with ideas? Do you just sit around until something occurs to you? Do you wait for ideas to bubble up from your subconscious mind? That can take a while. 

Coming up with names for characters can be even harder. What makes a good name? How do you come up with a new name that is also a good name? Do you just say a bunch of sounds and see which one sounds good? How do you check that the name isn't already in use by someone else? What if the name you come up with is actually slang in some language for something inappropriate? Well that's another matter completely. The main issue is thinking of a good name in the first place.

Creating from nothing is hard. It's hard to just stare at a blank screen or empty space and hope that your mind decides to create something good. What do you do when you are forced to come up with something but can't think of anything? You could go through all the letters of the alphabet and try a few things starting with each. Ablabarn. Barlywyn. Chesowymth. Those are ok. You seem to be stuck on three-syllable words with the same emphasis pattern. Maybe you could try restricting yourself to one-syllable names to change things up. This might take a while. 

Why not let some AI help? Get some help from AI. Use an RNN to make up some names for you, and then all you have to do is pick the best one, the one that works for your character or situation. You can even have some control over the AI's creation process by choosing how much of each ingredient to use. What are these ingredients? They are the various real world language's whose common names are being mixed into the creation algorithm. You can have more European influence, or maybe more Asian influence, in the creation process. If you get a good mix of languages as learning inputs, you can create names that are more unique and that will feel more like they are from a fantasy world. You can even create a batch of names using the same mix of influences when naming a whole family, and then use a different mix of influences for other families, so that each family has its own flavor of names. 

It's hard enough to write a story. Why not let AI do some of the work? You still have influence over the final choice of names. You can even change up the chosen names a little bit to really make them your own. Trade the thankless blunt force effort of creation from scratch for the rewarding exercise of good taste in the selection process. 

--------

It can be hard to come up with names when writing. 
Any creative process is hard to start from scratch.
It's hard to come up with a melody starting with nothing.
It can be easier to mold something that already exists into something better.
Selecting the best option from multiple existing options can be easier than creating from scratch.
AI can help with the starting point.
If an AI tool can create many options to start from, the creator can pick the most interesting one instead of having to think of one from scratch.
A random letter generator could create a name, but most of its creations would be far from a desirable outcome. 
An RNN could more reliably create things that are much closer to desirable names.
The subconcious mind does something similar, but maybe not as realiably. It can be a good starting point for ideas, but sometimes it doesn't want to offer anyting. AI could be a more reliable muse.
Having good taste is an important part of being creative. Recognizing something's quality is a valuable skill. Knowing how to improve on something is also valuable.
The subconcious mind might be doing something very similar to a neural network when generating seemingly new ideas.
